Here are some things that came up during this assignment.

1. **Overall, just more time on the design and UI**. Would've loved to bring in the Solace brand colors and typography, and added some polish on top of the Ant Design default styles. I believe I'm quite strong in this area but with only two hours, I wanted to make sure to address the more glaring issues/bugs/anti-patterns before going too crazy. I debated whether or not to use Ant Design at all; I saw that the team uses it so I figured I could show that I'm able to pick it up quickly, but it also handles a lot of design work for you so I didn't get a chance to show much of my own skill in that regard.
2. **Persist 'sort' state in URL**. One thing I wanted to add was persisting the table's sort state to the URL (and reading/syncing with it on mount), similar to the search query. That way a refresh or bookmark could return a user to the exact state that they wanted. I explored the Table component's API and had a direction to go in (there's an `onChange` callback that contains all the needed information), but didn't want to go over time.
3. **Highlighting search terms within the table**. I didn't even begin on this, but I thought it would be a great UX, especially when searching for a specialty because it can be hard to see exactly _why_ an advocate is returned by a query — is it their name, their city, a specialty? It's a lot of visually-uniform (plain text) information to read.
4. **Better error and loading states**. I did minimal handling of error states and loading states as it relates to UI. Ideally I would've liked to implement a good skeleton for the Table component as it loads initially. Better error boundaries would be great, so that if an error occurred in the table the rest of the page could remain unaffected.
5. **Filters, in addition to search query**. I also thought about how it would be nice to present the user with some filters, e.g. dropdowns controlling column-based filters such as a "City" filter presenting the user with every city reflected in the data. If I, as a user, only want to see advocates based in Chicago, I should be able to do that. If I want to see advocates with PhDs, I should be able to do that. And, I should be able to combine those queries to reveal advocates who meet all of my criteria. Right now a user can partially achieve that with search queries and/or sorting the columns, but with a massive dataset this would be more important.
